- Charlotte, main of God here.
I can't wait to see you
at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
If you haven't gotten your tickets,
what are you waiting for?
The Black Effect is bringing some
of the hottest podcasts live,
like the '85 South Show,
"Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
- Ah, the great outdoors, place of wonderment,
sunsets, and spooky encounters.
First off, on today's Travel Special of Dead Rabbit Radio,
two men riding horses encounter a bundle
in the middle of the road.
But what seemingly looked like trash turned into
a deadly threat.
And then we hit the high seas,
aboard the passenger liner known as the SS Warataw.
We bought a ticket to go on a luxury cruise.
Instead, we found ourselves sailing towards oblivion.
Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
(upbeat music)
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
of Dead Rabbit Radio.
I'm your host, Jason Garvinder.
I'm having a great day.
Hope you guys are having a great day too.
I hope you guys are having tons of fun
doing whatever you're doing.
We got a ton of stuff to cover.
So first off, walking, it's a Dead Rabbit Command,
hand in hand, our newest feature on supporters.
Everyone give it up for Genevieve Kara and Rebel Miner.
Woo hoo, yeah!
Wee!
Coming in, walking on into Dead Rabbit Command
with big backpacks.
They're ready to go traveling.
Genevieve, Kara, Kara, Genevieve and Rebel are nomads.
What's the term for it where you just drive around?
Do you like this normal person?
People drive around all the time.
They're into just traveling around America, exploring.
They actually have a Instagram,
I'll put it in the show notes.
You're like, wow, Jesus, you're impressive.
They have an Instagram.
Well, no, it's an Instagram of all their adventures.
They have an Instagram and a website.
I'll put it all in.
They're professional travelers traveling
around the United States and documenting the journey
the whole way.
And that's why we're having a travel special today.
You know what, I feel kind of bad.
'Cause yesterday, vaccine was the Patreon support.
He just had on a pair of VR goggles.
I sometimes, he's like, what?
Thinkin' stories, thinkin' themed stories.
I just walked around in a VR goggles set.
I gotta be honest, like, you know,
the show so much of it is improv.
Throwin' it, this, even this theme.
I just threw these stories together in the last minute.
I was like, oh, this will work.
Sometimes I feel bad for Patreon supporters.
Some of them, I'm like, come here
and bare wrestling some of them.
They're going on these crazy jokes,
these awesome fun adventures,
and then other people are like, hey, buddy, welcome.
Get inside, get in the vehicle, let's go.
I don't mean to do that.
It's nothing personal.
Vaccine, sorry if he's all sad in his VR goggles.
Sorry about that, buddy.
Rebel and Genevieve, you guys are gonna be our captains,
our pilots this episode.
If you guys can't support the Patreons,
I totally understand, just help spread the word
about Dead Rabbit Radio.
That helps out so much.
You can also right now vote for us
in the Paranormality Magazine poll for best podcast.
They do this every month.
That's another way to get new eyeballs on the podcast,
or new ear balls, I guess to be specific.
Genevieve, I'm gonna go ahead and toss you
the hair hang glider.
Let's all climb onto her back.
We'll climb inside of her backpack.
Jump off the highest point of Dead Rabbit Command.
We're gonna glide all the way out to Cuba.
We're in Cuba.
Specifically, we're in Gicota, Las Villas, Cuba.
The year is 1915.
So this is an old timey story.
It's late one evening, and we're at a sugar cane field.
Normally in the sugar canes,
you're like, Jason, I'm just trying to lose weight.
I was like, yeah, but this is healthy.
This is a lot of fiber in these canes.
I'm eating these sugar canes.
Two men show up and they're on horseback.
They're actually security for the sugar cane field.
I think normally they are gonna chase away rodents
or wolves or something like that.
They don't expect to see a bunch of people
that are eating their sugar.
Human locusts eating their sugar canes.
They're like, ah, these two men,
we're gonna go and call them Charles and Victor.
They're riding their horses around the perimeter
of this sugar cane field, checking everything out.
Right when they come to the bend and erode, their horses.
(laughs)
They were naeing and raring up and making all this noise
and they wouldn't go any further.
So Charles and Victor hop off of their horses
and they don't know why their horses are freaking out,
but they definitely see something that they didn't expect.
Laing in the middle of this road is this small white sack.
This little bundle is laying right in the middle of the road
and it's just chilling.
And the horses are still like (makes horse noises)
not wanting to go anywhere.
Charles and Victor are just kind of staring at this bundle
and at the same time, they both kind of get the idea
in their head.
They both get the impression that this bundle is alive.
There's something about this bundle.
They couldn't really put their finger on it,
but this bundle is not just a sack of clothing
that fell off some bumps back.
It's not anything like that.
It's just this bundle sitting in the middle of the road,
but they feel like it's alive.
And at that point, the bundle begins to move
towards the two men.
I don't say if it got up and started walking like oogie boogie,
whatever his name is from Nightmare Before Christmas,
or if it just kind of slithered on the ground.
They didn't go into detail.
They just said that the sack began to move toward.
I can imagine them telling the story to their boss
still like, "Hey, did you finish the perimeter sweep?"
You won't believe us, but this bag showed up.
He's like, "What? It started moving?
How much sugar cane did you eat before work?
Are you like having a sugar rush or something?"
The bag's getting closer and closer.
So Charles does the reasonable thing.
I guess.
If I saw, if I was walking in the middle of nowhere
and a bag started moving towards me
and I thought it was alive,
my first inclination would be that there's a baby in that bag.
There's a baby in that bag and it's crawling towards me.
That'd be my first inclination, right?
'Cause babies move and babies are often in bags.
That's why there's always that warning on the bag saying,
"Don't put your baby in this."
I figured at first it was a baby.
Well, Charles probably is like,
"Listen, we're out in the middle of nowhere
on the outskirts of the sugar cane field."
It's probably not a baby.
It's definitely something that the horses
don't want to go near.
It's alive and it's moving.
So Charles pulls out his revolver and opens fire.
(fire crackling)
Click, click, click.
He fires multiple rounds into this bundle
as quickly as possible.
But what happens is it happens so quickly.
He probably should have stopped shooting
after the first or second bullet.
Each time a bullet went into this bundle, it got bigger.
And he fired multiple rounds so it got bigger and bigger
and bigger and bigger and bigger until eventually
it was the size of a horse, this giant bundle coming towards
him.
He's like, "I don't have any more bullets."
And Victor's like, "Good, every time you shot it,
it only got bigger."
Now it's the size of a horse.
This horse-sized sack is now moving towards them.
And they took off.
They just took off.
They didn't worry about the horses.
They were out of there.
They ran off, got out of the area.
Guess what else are you gonna do?
Right, you're out of bullets.
The bullets didn't work.
The bullets made the situation worse.
There's a bag the size of a horse.
'Cause what else are you gonna do, right?
I mean, the horses aren't moving.
So it's not like they're like, "Oh no,
we can't leave Black Stallion."
And then you hop on board.
You're like, "Come on, horse, kicking them in the ribs.
Let's go, let's go."
They're already, you're just riding those horses off
as a tax right off.
You're like, "Ah, they're dead."
This bundle, whatever this is, right?
This big old bundles, as big as they are,
big as the horses, probably gonna eat them
or something like that.
We're out of here.
When Charles and Victor took off running,
they completely left the area.
The next day, when people show back up for work,
everyone's getting their sugar cane tools ready,
their skis and their like hacksaws and stuff like that.
They're delicious Kool-Aid.
They're like, "Oh, let's put a little sugar in the Kool-Aid.
Let's test the good stuff."
People show up to work to head up to the sugar cane field.
And when they get out to that area where the bundle was,
the two horses are still just kind of hanging out there.
They're not frozen in time.
They're eating grass.
They're doing horse stuff, booping.
But the bundle was nowhere to be seen
and the horses were left unmolested.
They seemed totally fine.
They didn't seem to have any sort of PTSD,
which is known as pony trauma disorder.
Anyways, two horses show up.
They just find the horses randomly there.
And that's the end of that story.
It's interesting.
I found this on thinkaboutadox.com,
one of my favorite resources.
And they're really good at citing where they get the story,
whether it's from like some defunct UFO newsletter
that published the story back in 1990
or more modern like Mufon Mutual UFO Network report
in the early 2000s.
They're really good at citing their sources.
This source is just cited as quote, personal investigation.
So I don't know where they got it from.
We do have an exact year
and considering it was 1915, how old that is,
we have a city, the names Charles and Victor
were just made up for the narrative.
But it's a fascinating story.
This kind of dovetails onto the Kangaroo Man story
from yesterday's episode.
And so many other stories we've covered on this podcast.
I love the most bizarre types of events.
And I mean, who would have thought, right?
When you showed up to work that day
that you were gonna be chased by a bundle.
Like you could never ever be like,
"Oh man, today's the day.
Today might be Bundleday."
Your coworkers like what?
You're like, "Oh, you know, once every six billion years,
once since the time the planet Earth was created,
at least one person's gonna get chased by a bundle."
Your coworkers are like, "What are you talking about?"
It happened once in 1915, but it's possible
today could be Bundleday as well.
You would never ever expect.
If you were out in the middle of nowhere,
like Rebel and Genevieve, they're traveling,
they're going places and they're carrying around
their backpacks, walking around poking bushes with a stick.
I would imagine if eventually they're gonna see
like a skeleton, not like a human skeleton,
well actually a human skeleton, but it's walking
towards them, that's gonna happen sooner or later.
They're gonna come across the ghost skeleton
or a screaming head flying through the bushes
or like a goat man, like some weird cryptid
who's been lost to time.
Like all the legends that he existed in that area are gone.
They're gonna be traveling through this town.
All of a sudden some starts banging on the side
of their van, they're like, "Oh my God, oh my God."
And then the goat man starts ripping his way in.
He's like, "Ah, there's an Instagram photo.
It's the last photo."
They're taking it as this creature's crawling
into the back of their van.
You figure those things might happen, right?
You're like, "Jason, one of those things
are reasonably gonna happen to this duo."
But they might, but my thing is
they'll never be chased by a bundle.
No one ever, ever will be chased by a bundle.
You would never think that, especially a bundle
that gets bigger each time you shoot it.
Like it's just so bizarre.
It's such a bizarre encounter.
It doesn't fall in the line
with what anything else we know of.
It wasn't a cryptid, it was like a pile of clothes.
It was a pile of clothes that became the size of a horse,
but it was also alive and sentient.
It's a crazy story, absolutely love it.
It's just so bonkers.
And I want to, I've never seen this.
I mean, I spend a lot of time on ThinkAboutDucks.com
and I've never come across the notation
that says personal investigations.
Even if someone at ThinkAboutDucks.com
like read a book on it, they would source the book.
Do they actually, are they actually related
to Charles or Victor?
Like they're like, yeah, I grew up every single day.
Every single day, my dad Charles refused
to change my diaper.
He goes, no, the bundle, the bundle.
It was just an excuse he used.
So I didn't have to smell baby poop.
Crazy story, is the bundle still out there?
What happened to it?
And the horses were alive.
That's a bit of a change.
For dead rabbit radio,
there's been a lot of animals getting killed lately.
Genevieve and Rebel, go ahead and put on your flight suits.
I'm gonna toss you guys co-keys to the carbonar copter.
We are leaving behind dead rabbit command.
He didn't get to fly the hang glider.
I don't know why, I don't know why he got left off.
He was in, he was in her backpack with the rest of us.
But Genevieve and Rebel, I'm gonna toss you co-keys
to the carbonar copter.
We're leaving behind Cuba.
Everyone check your pockets,
make sure there's no bundles in them.
Take us out of Cuba and fly us all the way out to Australia.
(mimicking engine)
The year is 1909,
and we're about to board the SS Warataw.
This is a fine boat, very luxurious boat.
And it makes its journeys from Australia to Europe
with a couple of stops in South Africa,
which at that point was a British colony.
And it's a nice ride.
I mean, sure it's gonna take a while.
You know, this is 1909, this boat's pretty slow.
And how else were you gonna travel, right?
Unless the red baron flew over your house
and you grabbed onto his airplane.
It's like a boat or nothing, you're in Australia.
You had a lot of people waiting to go on this boat.
It had only been on one previous journey.
The great thing about this boat,
the one thing that people loved about it,
'cause remember man, this is 1909,
traveling anywhere was super dangerous.
And if you're traveling by boat,
you always had to worry about, you know,
big sea storms or pirates even.
But don't worry, the SS Waratah was unsingable.
It was designed in such a way
that it could actually never be sunk.
So people were like, okay, I read the brochure.
You said it's pirate proof.
They're like, we never said that part.
Pirates definitely could take over this boat.
They're like, okay.
But you also said that it's unsingable.
And they're like, yes, the unsingable SS Waratah.
Don't worry, once you're on board,
you may dive several different ways, food poisoning,
murder, slipping and falling off the boat,
but you will never sink in this boat.
You may sink, you may sink, you may get thrown off,
but the boat itself will stay up.
You will be able to watch it as it sails away from you.
This is a terrible sales pitch.
The SS Waratah had all these accommodations
for first class, super luxurious.
You had like the piano player, do do do do do.
You had like the captain walking around
and the people are drinking wine and eating oysters.
It also had the steerage class,
where you had all the people like, papa, papa,
is it true we're leaving Australia?
We broke out of jail, is it true?
It's true there's a warrant for your arrest.
He's like, yes, kid, we're convicts,
but we're gonna make our way back to France.
We're headed to Europe.
We couldn't afford a fancy person ticket,
so we are down here with the rats.
But that's okay, son.
We'll have a better life in France
where I'll once again become a criminal
and probably get sent to Australia.
Now this all might seem super familiar, right?
Titanic, you guys have all heard of that boat.
Unsinkable, you had all the rich, wealthy people on top.
All the poor people in the bottom.
Yes, this boat is known as the Titanic of Australia.
So that's kind of given away the storyline.
This boat will sink.
Or will it?
This is an interesting story.
It goes beyond just you're like,
oh, Jason, tell another story of human misery.
People dying at sea.
This one's super creepy.
The SS War Tall is getting ready for its second journey.
Do you have the rich people on top?
Do you have the poor people in the bottom?
That section also doubled as the meat storage.
So I don't think it was super comfortable down there.
Like dress warm, kids, just warm, kids.
We're gonna be sleeping next to a slab of beef.
It's gonna be refrigerated.
This boat, because it's so old,
they don't have a radio on it.
So the only way they could communicate with other boats
is they would do that flashing light thing.
You would have like that big old,
playing that Kanye West song the whole time.
You know, they have those big old black circles
and then they flip it, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip,
the flippers and then when make light shine on and off
and so you would go like, hello boat.
They would say their name.
They would say SS War Tall
and then the other boat would go Charles.
Boat man and then you'd go,
oh, that's the Charles boat man.
And so that's how they would communicate.
Unless there was an emergency,
then they would say like SOS.
Anyway, so no radio.
They just had the flashing lights thing.
This is the second voyage on the maiden voyage
and it goes super smooth.
The boat kept catching on fire.
That's kind of underplaying it.
You're like, ah, we didn't have the smoothest trip.
What happened?
Flames, flames coming out from everywhere.
They had the way they built the boat.
It's unsinkable from the outside,
but the engine room wasn't well insulated.
So part of the room's catching on fire.
I mean, again, it's the worst place.
A fire in the water is the worst place to have a fire.
But if you're gonna have a fire,
it's better to be say in the meat slab room
where it's too cold for the fire to hang out
versus the engine,
which just keeps getting hotter and hotter.
Anyways, they repaired it.
They repaired that design flaw
and now it's ready for the second journey
The captain of the boat,
this guy named Captain Ilbury,
was like, ah, I don't have a good feeling about this boat.
It seems to tip.
This is what we talked about a week or two ago.
He goes, the boat seems to tip
and it gets worse when we're loading it.
And the designers are like, oh, don't worry.
It's just natural.
You must not have been captain that long.
Boats often tip.
And he's like, ah, it's tipping a little bit more.
What's it caught on fire?
I mean, guys, I'm not being a hypochondriac about this thing.
I don't really know if I like this boat that much.
And so they had to be very careful
about how they loaded it up.
They could do it, but they had to get it just right.
Well, now we're on our second journey
with the SS Hortel.
It's July 7th, 1909.
It's on its second run.
It has just left Australia
with 212 passengers and crew combined.
212 souls are on this boat.
It left Australia.
It's going to go to Durban,
which is in South Africa.
Then it's going to go to Cape Town, also in South Africa.
And then it's going to sail onwards north to Europe.
July 25th, it finally reaches Durban.
And a passenger disembarks at Durban.
The boat people are like,
you're not going to finish the journey.
Like, I don't know if you know maps,
but we're the quickest way to get back to Europe.
You're home.
And this guy, his name is Claude G. Sawyer.
He's like, I'm good.
I think I'll be better off here
at the most southern part of the continent
than getting back on the boat.
He was an experienced engineer
and he had a lot of experience traveling at sea.
He's supposed to go to London.
He ends up in South Africa,
in Durban, South Africa.
And he sends his wife a telegram.
It says, quote, "Thought war a tall, top heavy,
landed Durban."
I know you have to pay by the penny.
When you send a telegram,
you might want to give her a little more information than that.
But he sends the telegram out,
"See you in 18 months as I try to travel by land
and have this wacky adventure across Africa
to get up to Europe."
I'm sure actually not thinking about it.
I probably just took another boat.
But it wasn't the war a tall.
He was like, I don't have a good feeling about that boat.
But he only told her half the story.
So that happened on July 25th.
It dropped him off and then continued on its way to Cape Town
and then eventually they get to Europe.
On July 27th off the coast of South Africa,
the war a tall sends out a signal,
sees another ship passing by called the Clan McIntyre.
And it's a normal exchange.
The SS war a tall sends its name.
So they can kind of keep track of each other where boats are.
That happened on July 27th.
And the two boats are sailing in opposite directions
and they're in visual range for about five hours.
That night a cyclone hits the area.
This was one of the reasons why having an unseenable ship
was good to put on the brochure.
Very, very bad weather in this area.
It's not unheard of for a cyclone to hit
but even long time sea captains were like,
this is the worst storm I've ever been in.
I've never been in a storm like that.
This cyclone hits the area
and the SS war a tall was never seen again.
People waited for weeks for the SS war a tall to show up.
But it never showed back up.
And apparently that was pretty common
because these boats would take so long to get somewhere.
Like they would have a scheduled date to show up
but because of certain conditions,
they could be a week or two late.
But once boats that were leaving Australia
after the war a tall were showing up at Cape Town,
at Durban, that's when people really started worrying.
So they gave it about three weeks
before they really started looking for the war a tall.
And before the investigations began
'cause now you have two things going on.
You're trying to find the boat or pieces of the boat,
survivors hopefully or bodies.
And then they're trying to figure out
they have a separate investigation.
You have like the rescue part
and then you have the investigation as to what happened.
The boat, there has been no confirmed sightings
of the war a tall sends nothing.
Not a piece of driftwood, not a lifeboat,
not a person, not even a body part.
The SS war a tall completely vanished.
And people have been looking for it since
like eventually, you know,
people were originally looking for it as a rescue operation
and then people were looking for it
to see if they could find out what happened to it.
And then people started looking for it
to see if they could salvage it.
And then in more modern times,
it's been just to solve the mystery.
This one guy spent 20 years trying to find
the wreckage of the war a tall either under the water
or washed up somewhere, somewhere, anywhere.
No piece of it has ever been found.
You started to have people say,
"Oh, we found this piece of wood."
That was the first thing,
like some wood washed upon a nearby beach.
They said this was the SS war a tall.
These are the remains of the boat.
And it was nothing.
There were alleged sightings of it
within that period of that first couple of days
since that cyclone.
You had some Navy officers, some sailors
saying that they saw what it looked like a fire
in the distance and then just darkness.
But no confirmation.
You had another boat that was in the area.
During the storm, the cyclone was so bad.
During the storm, they saw a boat
doing the Morris Code, flashing their light.
And they only picked up three letters.
T-A-H.
So it's possible to write the war a tall.
We don't know what the message was, probably help.
Probably help were trapped in the cyclone.
You had another boat say that they saw
what looked like a ship tipping over in the waves.
'Cause I mean, again, people are like,
this is the worst weather we've ever had.
What could have happened to this boat?
But the ship was unsinkable.
So they had a really hard time figuring out
like that it crashed into something
or you got too much water in it.
The theories came out to be it caught on fire, right?
Because we knew that.
But see, even then they go,
if it caught on fire and blew up,
that would mean debris everywhere.
Whatever happened to this boat
would have had to have happened so completely
that not a single remnant,
I mean, boats are built to float.
That's if they can't float, they're not a boat.
So all the wood and all the pieces of it
that are light enough to float on their own, plus bodies,
nothing, the boat completely vanished.
And it's funny because at the beginning,
people were thinking, 'cause they're hearing this stuff,
they're looking for the boat,
they're thinking maybe it's lost at sea.
The SS War at all, this is crazy,
I wonder if new cruise liners do this.
It had enough supplies on that boat
that it could spend a year at sea.
Like all the passengers, all the crew, everything,
there was enough supplies in that boat
that you would not starve or run out of water for a year.
So they had hope.
You can't find it, they're thinking,
'cause it's out there somewhere,
we'll find it, but the weeks and the months passed on
and they've never found a single part of this boat.
So the theories have been freak wave,
knocking the boat over, explosion,
which they go, we would have found parts of it.
But the boat was lost at sea and we all know,
including the investigators,
'cause there was a whole like, Lloyds of London insurance
thing that had to be paid out.
There was a big investigation of it.
I was able to find that old timey article,
talking about this, that's like, it's really cool.
There was an article about,
remember Claude got off the boat.
Everyone knew that.
He was the one survivor of the SS War at all.
So of course the investigators wanted to talk to him.
He was an experienced engineer,
he was an experienced sea traveler,
maybe he could give them some clue.
Why did he get off?
Why did he get off the boat?
And when he spoke before this tribunal,
the headline about his testimony,
'cause it was in the news,
this is so weird, well one,
the missing ship was in the news,
just like when we had that plane go down,
what was it, MH370 or 380, 387?
That plane that's been missing for years now,
it was in the news, it was such a mystery.
This article, the headline was the war at all.
A professor's alarm,
saved by a vision.
This is December 23rd, 1909.
He's in Caxton Hall in London.
And this courtroom,
they're talking to the only survivor, Claude G. Sawyer.
And he goes, listen, I didn't feel the boat was safe.
Just based on my experience,
I didn't feel the boat was safe.
It was way too top heavy.
For example,
I tried taking a bath,
I tried, this would be so scary, right?
I mean, I may not realize it,
'cause I'm just a layman, but this guy's a seaman.
And he said, I went to go take a bath.
While I was taking a bath,
I could feel the rolling of the ship so much,
like we were at a 45 degree angle,
like my bath water splashing out all over the place.
And not because I'm playing with a rubber ducky,
we're listing way too hard, way too hard.
And I told the crew, I said, hey guys,
I know you guys don't know me from dirt,
but this boat, something's wrong with this boat,
we're already at sea.
He said the crew blew him off.
He said, you had people walking around
getting thrown from one side of the boat to the other.
They constantly were falling down.
He goes, you know what, the second we hit Durban,
which was the next stop after leaving Australia,
'cause he's rolling across the floor,
he has his hand on his chin.
He's like, the second we get to Durban, I'm getting off.
Like this is just ridiculous.
I don't know why I keep ordering milkshakes
to go everywhere, I'm starving.
I'm getting off at Durban.
But what happened was, after a couple more days,
like a day or two, everything seemed calmer.
It was almost like the crew must have moved something around
down to the cargo area,
or they were controlling the boat a little bit better.
He's more experienced to just think,
oh, it's calm weather now, the boat's better.
No, he goes, something seemed different
about the boat actually seemed under control.
And I decided, you know what, I'm just gonna keep on going.
I'm not gonna get off at Durban.
Whatever the issue was, it's been handled.
Everything's a lot more stable now.
But then I had the dreams.
Claude told this hearing while he's in court,
he said, I had the same dream three times in a row.
He said this man would be standing there,
wearing what he called, quote, very peculiar dress.
He goes, there's nothing I could recognize.
It wasn't a particular uniform,
or anything I could put my hand on,
but this man would be standing there
and he was dressed in an odd way.
And he'd be standing before myself
and all the passengers of the SS Warataw.
And in one hand, he held this long sword
and he was pointing it towards us.
And in the other hand, he was holding a rag
soaked in blood.
And I'd wake up.
That was the whole dream.
But after I had made the decision to continue on past Durban,
once I said, no, I'm not gonna get off on Durban.
Once I had said they got the boat ready,
it's not gonna tip over.
Once I had made that decision to travel onto Europe,
to not get off at Durban,
I had that same dream three times.
The man standing before us with the long sword
and the bloody rag.
I said, I took this as a warning to leave.
I knew at this point that I had to get off at Durban.
And I tried.
I tried to get other people to get off with me.
I talked to people, I said, hey, listen.
I don't know if he told them about the dream,
he said, guys, I had a crazy dream, listen.
He was telling people,
I think we should get off at Durban.
I just have a better feeling about this boat.
He probably did use the Fakunamin engineer.
And if he had tried to convince them earlier, right,
when the boat was so topsy-turvy to get off at Durban,
he might've gotten a few people off.
But it wasn't possible at this point.
People were like, no, 'cause it's so, this was their,
it would be so expensive and so hard to get back to Europe
that he could not convince a single person
to get off the boat.
The ship was stable,
they weren't getting thrown around anymore,
their baths were peaceful,
so not a single person got off.
But Claude himself disembarked from the SS Warataw
and entered the town of Durban,
sending that telegram to his wife,
not telling her the whole story.
And he was the only survivor of the SS Warataw.
And it's interesting, at this inquest, they asked,
did you have any other dreams?
And he said, yes, this is a quote,
on July 28th, so this was it.
So remember, the cyclone hit on July 27th.
There wasn't word that the SS Warataw
was even missing for weeks later.
Like, it was supposed to get to Cape Town,
it was a little bit late, but boats are late.
And then about two weeks passed
and it still hadn't shown up, but boats are late.
It was really at the three week mark
when other boats that had left after it
were reaching Cape Town before it.
That's when people started going,
the SS Warataw is missing.
For those first couple of weeks,
there was nobody really looking for the boat
because its boats are constantly going missing.
So on July 28th, it was the day after the cyclone,
two days after he had gotten off of the Warataw.
The boat had not been reported missing at this point.
Did you have another dream?
Quote, yes.
On July 28th, I dreamt that the ship was in a heavy sea.
That a big wave came over the bowels
and it sat down upon her.
And that she rolled over on the starboard and disappeared.
And he said, they asked him, were you a passenger
in the dream, were you on the deck of the ship?
And he's like, no, I saw the whole ship.
So I was like, just watching it.
He goes, I could see the whole ship
so almost as if he's floating in the air.
Just watching the entire ship disappear under the waters.
It's interesting, you know,
I have two more things to talk about.
First off, I wanna talk about the idea
of being warned to not to go.
All right, that's a really terrifying thing.
And I think a lot of people,
I mean, I've never had a warning this dire or this graphic.
I guess like really my thing is a lot of times
when I'm flying on planes,
I start like right before the plane takes off,
sometimes I'll start to get anxious
and I was thinking like, get off, get off the plane.
This is your final destination moment.
This anxiety that's coursing through your body,
it's trying to get you to leave
'cause if you don't leave now, you're gonna die.
Oh no, the plane takes off.
I'm just listening to music, reading a book.
You know what I mean?
Like I get that inclination.
If I listened to my panic every single time
I would get nothing done.
I wouldn't even leave the house.
It'd be like, 'cause there would be times
I'd be like looking for my keys
and I was like, where are my keys?
And I go, oh, they're right here.
And I'm thinking, oh, the time you spent looking
for that keys, what if that was time enough
for that dog to get out of the backyard?
If you had left earlier, if you'd left five minutes earlier,
this is quite my existence.
You're like, man, that sounds pretty overwhelming.
It's better now.
My anxiety is not as bad, but I'll still get it.
Like my brain's telling me like, you have to leave right now
'cause if you wait another five minutes to leave,
that is when the car will hit you.
That's when the dog will rush out of its backyard
and try to eat you.
But you can't, like those are the type of warnings I get.
They're really just anxiety attacks
because I haven't been hit by a car or eaten by a dog yet.
But you know what I mean?
Like I'll get that.
I think it's interesting 'cause you wonder like,
how often this type of stuff happens and people go,
no, I'm good, and then they die a horrible death
and they don't tell the story.
They don't say, yeah, it was really weird.
I kept having these horrible nightmares
about dying in a helicopter crash, right?
I'd be flying this helicopter
and then all of a sudden this bloody bird
would hit the front window and then I'd wake up.
That dream happened two or three times.
But today's my first day at helicopter flight school.
That was clearly just nerves.
And then they die in the helicopter crash
and they don't pass on that vision.
You wonder how often that happens.
You also wonder how many people, yeah,
like aboard the SS war to itself.
Was he the only one to get the vision?
What was that?
What was the man?
Who was that?
What type of clothes was he wearing?
With the long sword and the bloody rag.
There's so much stuff to just interpret from the dream.
Like who was that?
Was that, if it was death, why was he warning him?
Did anyone else have the dream?
And they just wrote it off.
Were kids having nightmares and their parents weren't,
oh, you know, you're just having a nightmare
because you're sleeping next to dead cows.
Buck up, Johnny, don't worry.
That repetitive dream you have about dying,
I'm sure is nothing.
The one that you keep seeing,
your loved ones drown in front of you.
I'm sure that has nothing to do with the fact
that you're all on this boat.
Where other people getting the dream,
how often do these type of dreams happen?
It's terrifying because you don't wanna listen
to that little voice in your head all the time
because it may be wrong.
And then you miss out on a really cool opportunity
to do something 'cause you're too scared to do it.
Like in the, like you ready to go
for your very first day at parachuting, right?
You wanna be a skydiver and you can't wait.
You saved up your money, you're ready to go
and then that day you have a nightmare.
That night you have a nightmare that you die skydiving.
Do you not go skydiving that day?
I mean, you waited all this time to do this.
Is that really a premonition or is it just your nerves?
Like that's that gamble, right?
That's that gamble we're rolling.
You're rolling your dice in your skydive anyways,
but you know what I mean?
Like that you can't let it get in the way
but what happens when the vision turns out to be true?
He was the only survivor of this boat
that mysteriously went down.
And it's interesting because I have to say
he had that dream of the wave knocking over the boat.
He never saw the boat again.
And while that is possible and that's one of the theories,
they still go we should have found something from the boat.
Even boats get knocked over by waves, not all the time,
but it used to be we'd still find pieces of the boat
somewhere, a body, a life raft and or nothing.
We found nothing from this boat.
What I thought was creepy and we'll wrap it up like this
is one of the theories of what may have happened to this boat.
We'll take his dream at, you know,
he may have the dream where the wave hit it
and it got knocked over, maybe not.
Maybe that was just not a vision.
Maybe that was just a fear.
But one of the theories is that the boat,
the reason why we never found any pieces of the boat
and never will most likely is the cyclone blew the boat,
off course, fire, 'cause again, we saw those fires burning.
They go as possible that the engine did catch on fire,
they were able to put it out.
But now they're in a boat with no way
to control where it's going.
And the ocean just kept pushing it further and further south
to Antarctica.
They go as 100% possible that this would happen.
They go, that would explain why we found
no nothing from it.
Because once it got to Antarctica,
anything that was breaking off of that boat
would just be floating around the Arctic coastline.
And if you didn't spot it, I mean,
I know we have research bases out there
and things like that, but they're not taking fun runs
along the coastline to find the seashells.
If that boat got pushed towards Antarctica,
you have a year's worth of supplies onboard.
But there's no hope for rescue.
You don't have a radio, nobody knows where you're at.
You don't even know where you're at.
You just know you're at the most southern point of the world.
You're on board with any passengers who survived the storm.
Right, if the boat did get tipped and came back up
or just got blown around, off course, damaged engine.
You have a year of food,
but you can't leave the shelter of the ship.
It would be pitch black most of the time.
Fresh air meant freezing cold conditions.
You would have to be huddled
as deep into the boat as possible at almost all times.
And even then, it gives you very little protection
from the extreme cold weather.
Cold winds whipping against the side of the boat slowly,
but surely destroying what little safety you have.
You and hundreds of other people crowded
into the deepest and warmest parts of the SS Waratah.
But you know this can't last.
You know not only will you die here,
but no one will ever find your body.
As you sit there huddled in the darkness,
you can only think of one thing.
I should have listened to the man,
the man who tried to warn me.
(timeitian music)
(upbeat music)
- DeadRABisanRadio@gmail.com is gonna be our
email address.
You can also go to ship@facebook.com/DeadRadio.
TikTok is @DeadRadio.
DeadRABisanRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
truth crime podcast.
You don't have to listen to it everyday.
Glad you listened to it today.
Have a great day.
(upbeat music)
you